Update lizard docs (#19)
nens/lizard-docs: source/d_geometryblocks.rst

.. _GeometryBlocksAnchor:

==========================
Geometry and Series Blocks
==========================

> GeometryBlocks are the GeoBlocks which assimilate and operate rasterdata into vector data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GeometryBlocks are the GeoBlocks that modify geometries or combine rasters with geometries.
```

They can sample rasters and perform geometric operations like intersections and geometric differences.
The output from a Geometry GeoBlock is a label value.
This means that the operation should always end with a classification of one of the feature columns into a label value. 
The result of the GeometryBlock can be requested through the API.

> Such request returns the label for a geometric feature along with a defined list of intermediate results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Such request returns the label for a geometric feature along with a predefined list of intermediate results.
```

Creating a new GeometryBlock
----------------------------

To create a new GeometryBlock you have to POST the graph directly to the labeltypes api endpoint: https://demo.lizard.net/api/v3/labeltypes/.
Unlike for RasterBlocks it is not possible to define a GeometryBlock without the API.
Once the graph has been posted it is possible to PATCH changes and alter the structure of the graph.
If you want to patch changes to the graph this can be done by providing a valid JSON object for its source element,
and perform a patch on https://demo.lizard.net/api/v3/labeltypes/{uuid of the new labeltype}/.

> Currently it is not possible to visualize the resultant labels in the Lizard portals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently it is not possible to visualize the resulting labels in the Lizard portals.
```

Individual labels can be computed with a GET request on the labeltype endpoint. For example with:
https://demo.lizard.net/api/v3/labeltypes/{label type uuid}/compute/?geom_intersects=POINT(4.46648 51.92938).
It is also possible to pre-compute larger amounts of labels. By doing so it becomes possible to quickly request multiple
labels or label statistics. 

To pre-compute labels for a specific region you have to send a POST request on the labeltype endpoint, for example:
https://demo.lizard.net/api/v3/labeltypes/{label type uuid}/compute/?boundary_id=95246&start=2018-10-01T01:00:00Z&tile_size=500&tile_projection=EPSG:28992&mode=centroid.

In the pre-compute you have to provide some sort of geographic bounding area.
This can be through a predefined boundary in Lizard (like in the example) or a geometric bounding box.

> The start parameter applies a temporal filter to the features included.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The start parameter applies a temporal filter to the included features.
```

> Features which are valid at the start date are computed, features which were built after or removed before the start-date are not computed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only features that are valid at the start date are computed; features that were created after or removed before the start-date are not included in the computation. 
```

Label endpoint
--------------

> Labels which have been pre-computed are stored in the labels endpoint of the API: https://demo.lizard.net/api/v3/labels/.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Labels that have been pre-computed are stored in the labels endpoint of the API: https://demo.lizard.net/api/v3/labels/.
```

By using this endpoint it is possible to request both individual labels and label statistics. Through a GET request it is possible to determine statistics of the entire labeltype or specific regions: https://demo.lizard.net/api/v3/labels/counts/?label_type__uuid={label type uuid}. 

> Labels which have been pre-computed are stored in the labels endpoint of the API: https://demo.lizard.net/api/v3/labels/.

Reviewer: Duplicate paragraph

Author: removed the duplicate

                        "id": "object_id",
                        "build_year": "building_build_year"
                    },
                    "geometry",
                    "start",
                    "end"
                ],
                "buildyear": [
                    "geoblocks.geometry.base.GetSeriesBlock",
                    "buildings",
                    "building_build_year"
                ],
                "label": [
                    "geoblocks.geometry.field_operations.Classify",
                    "buildyear",
                    [
                        1900,
                        1940,
                        1970,
                        1990
                    ],
                    [
                        "A",
                        "B",
                        "C",
                        "D",
                        "E"
                    ]
                ],
                "result": [
                    "geoblocks.geometry.base.SetSeriesBlock",
                    "buildings",
                    "label_value",
                    "label"
                ]
            },
            "name": "result"
        }
    }

> Geometry output

Reviewer: This paragraph contains info that you already included above. Can be omitted

Author: Leaving it in for now, the actual text was written by Martijn Krol. Going to discuss with him how to better communicate these options.

Labels can be computed on the fly using the compute endpoint or a-sync using the Lizard Task Server. 

Operations
----------

.. automodule:: dask_geomodeling.geometry.base
   :members: GeometryBlock, SeriesBlock, GetSeriesBlock, SetSeriesBlock
   :exclude-members: get_sources_and_requests, process

:mod:`dask_geomodeling.geometry.aggregate`
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. automodule:: dask_geomodeling.geometry.aggregate
   :members:
   :exclude-members: get_sources_and_requests, process

:mod:`dask_geomodeling.geometry.constructive`
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. automodule:: dask_geomodeling.geometry.constructive
   :members:
   :exclude-members: get_sources_and_requests, process

:mod:`dask_geomodeling.geometry.field_operations`
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. automodule:: dask_geomodeling.geometry.field_operations
   :members:
   :exclude-members: get_sources_and_requests, process

:mod:`dask_geomodeling.geometry.geom_operations`
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. automodule:: dask_geomodeling.geometry.geom_operations
   :members:
   :exclude-members: get_sources_and_requests, process

> :mod:`dask_geomodeling.geometry.parallelize`

Reviewer: This is not allowed through the API, should be omitted

Author: You mean the 'parralelize'?

Reviewer: Yes, parallelize, sources and sinks are internal and should not be configured through the API

Author: Ok, removed!

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. automodule:: dask_geomodeling.geometry.parallelize
   :members:
   :exclude-members: get_sources_and_requests, process

:mod:`dask_geomodeling.geometry.set_operations`
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. automodule:: dask_geomodeling.geometry.set_operations
   :members:
   :exclude-members: get_sources_and_requests, process

> :mod:`dask_geomodeling.geometry.sources`

Reviewer: Should be omitted as well

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. automodule:: dask_geomodeling.geometry.sources
   :members:
   :exclude-members: get_sources_and_requests, process

> :mod:`dask_geomodeling.geometry.sinks`

Reviewer: This as well
